[Music]
when I hear my story now I'm gonna show
you my story
what's that song about stereo tires - I
like that is that they come and take
jobs and pay the money at least 100 have
arrived in South London I had to deal
with the fact that I was different and I
was an immigrant the government say
there are too many Oakland in Atlanta we
were surrounded by a civil war my dad
was the founder of the Tamil resistance
music was my medicine it just blew up so
quickly Aleppo war came as a refugee
that is now pop so what are the goals
[Applause]
they own the bloody world is looking at
this I don't understand
that's you that's my little brother to
our six boys of death there's a genocide
going on we don't want to talk about
death talk about Beverly Hills we get
frantic emails from people who who say
that m.i.a is a terrorist the worst
thing they could do to use to make you
rather
[Music]
[Applause]
option what experience are we allowed to
share from these paces
you've got access to microphone please
use it to take up with users scapegoat
to build a wall but people have always
next moved and interesting things happen
because of it
[Music]